e
e e
okay this
uh this live streaming thing
man OBS is
uh always wrestling with
me all right so well good afternoon this
is going to be one of those secret
lessons nobody pays attention to what
I'm I'm going to tell you we'll meet
again and if they don't see me show up
on a live stream in the morning session
they assume I'm not then live stream
when I said I was going to be here at
1:30
today so we're just GNA hang out I'm
going do a audio check here I probably
this hurt your ears with
that hello testing one two3 testing one
two3 audio check that should be good
all
righty so we are looking
at the afternoon what transpired today
um I hung out with Tanya trades live
stream Community this morning and some
of the things you can go back and look
at her live stream you'll see clicked a
little timestamp feature in their chat
and you'll see I outlin these things
before it happened okay so uh going to
teach a little bit about what the range
showed today a little bit more on the
opening range gap on the opening range
I'm going to revisit the idea of first
presentation for the fairby gap between
9:30 and
10:00 and then we're just going to
calmly just chill out and hang out and
watch what the what the afternoon does
going into the final hour of
trading I'll be doing the most talking
around what's already happened so it's
kind of anchoring what I've already
taught so you can see it and that way
you're being prompted as to what you
should be annotating Caleb so what your
chart should look like don't use
dads make your charts look like mine or
as close as you
can and just listen to what I outline as
were for the most Salient
points on the right hand side you see a
15sec
chart and on the leth hand side you see
a one minute chart so we're not going to
be using anything outside of those two
time frames I'm hopefully going to be
able to see some kind of price runs this
afternoon that we can watch and we
can observe it
through the one minute in the 15 second
in in kind of like in
unison probably heard
Bailey right one more second here I'm
going to place you on mute just for a
second e
right apologize for that that's the
[Music]
uh the things that can go wrong while
you're live
streaming you got three dogs y
everybody's going to know it you're
going to hear them in the live
stream
so I received a lot of comments and
concerns
about the 9:30 to 10 o'clock in the
morning New York local time and the
first presentation or the first
formation of a fair b
g and some of you are not listening
you're rushing through the videos or
you're probably listening to someone
else that has taken a piece of lectures
and shared it with you and it's not the
same thing as going through the lecture
yourself taking your time taking your
notes and trying not to rush and there's
a lot of you that are saying you're
trying to catch up you don't need to
catch up okay everything I'm teaching
just relax because it's the same stuff
all the time it's not like you have to
have that lesson at that given moment
and that's the only time it's useful if
it's a concept and it's rooted on Sound
Logic it'll repeat you don't need to see
it at the very moment I'm outlining it
okay so you have the benefit of watching
it as if it were here live so there's no
there's no advantage or disadvantage
okay because that the point of showing
it to you with these time frames in
these charts so that way you have the
same experience as if it were you were
sitting here
okay all right so uh for now let me just
annotate this
okay so if you look at
uh what we are trading around
we have Tuesday's daily low I mentioned
this yesterday in the live stream I was
talking about how if you if you note the
previous days highs and
lows you're never going to run out of
setups if you do that and if you look at
the last three
days the high and the low of the last
three
days the liquidity above or below those
respective levels are going to be
referred to again even though they they
may have gone through and below a
previous day low or the low two days ago
or the low 3 days
ago the ALG will refer back to those
price points because well let me ask you
a question why do you
think what would be the the the reason
for having a higher
low noted on your chart from three days
ago
even even
if yesterday or the day before it traded
above it or below it in other words it's
already hit those stops what what's the
benefit of having
that what's the benefit of having that
on your chart or even referring to it as
a liquidity
pole algorithmic reference point a PD
array you know what's the significance
of having that because wouldn't it be
useless if the market has already hit
the stops above a previous day's high or
hit the stops below a previous day's low
wouldn't that kind of like negate any
further interest in that
level if you use retail logic where it's
one and done that type of thing um then
that would be true but it's not true
from the The Stance of the algorithm the
algorithm does not know how many stops
how many actual orders are in the
marketplace it does not know that it
doesn't need to know that it just needs
to know what that reference point is is
based on time which we're referencing by
the interval of a daily High and a daily
low so having that old reference
point it will refer back to that same
level again
because it has been coded to understand
that any fluctuation in price moving
higher or lower stops will be adjusted
on an Institutional level very large
level okay not intraday day Traders
but deep pocket large speculators
they'll have buying and selling
interests around those levels so because
the algorithm doesn't have to know and
because the open interest above or below
those levels with real pending orders
and interest to be buying and selling
around them it's Dynamic see that a that
pretty
the the interest of returning back to
those Levels by the algorithm
allows and affords Market
participants to capitalize on the price
fluctuations that are immediately after
that level is traded to because it's
told to trade there because the
coder has built in the logic that there
will be buying and selling resting below
old lows so if it's below old daily low
and
or a low that's two days ago or a low
that's three days ago so it builds in
from a coder's stance a
perspective it makes allowance for
trending
models everyone that considers
themselves bullish as the market makes a
higher what low the stop losses will be
Trail just below the lows so the
algorithm doesn't need to know how many
orders are resting below an old low or
above an old High
it doesn't need to do those
things it just simply needs to know
where the high and the low is based on
time time is the daily interval so
having your levels on your chart the
highest high and the lowest
low referring to the Daily
candlesticks whatever that high is and
that low
is by you having a line on a chart which
is what I have up
here very thing one second
okay The Perils of live
streaming this is all the stuff gets
edited out usually
well you're just going to have to endure
that because I have a delivery being
made here so it is what it
is it's
free just accept the fact that you're
going to probably hear puppies in the
background barking so if we have our
levels noted the last three days high
and low we can
comfortably use those levels for draws
on
liquidity they also can be catalysts for
turtle sup in other words a break above
a previous High when you're
bearish that would be a
wonderful area to get short on a daily
chart and you don't even need to be a
day trader like you you can use that as
a intermediate term long-term position
Trader so you want to learn how to use
this information but you don't really
want to be in here on a 15sec chart I I
understand that it doesn't meet the the
interests for all of you as you
know aspiring
Traders and you want to use a high time
frame chart well the same things that's
being shown on these smaller time frame
charts is available to you using a daily
chart and a weekly chart and a monthly
chart it just means that you're going to
have to wait a whole lot more time for
those conditions to be met and the
opportunity to present
itself as a teacher and a high frequency
Trader I can use these time frames to
kill two two birds with one stone one I
can teach with lots of examples and it
gives you a plethora of examples every
single day for you to go in and study
then you
have the element
of
execution plenty of setups for you to
engage so from a teacher's perspective I
have lots of ample supply of saying
here's an opportunity to study this
here's an opportunity to study that and
repeat a lot because there's a lot of
candlesticks and a lot of smaller little
micro Market structure that you can
employ and practice in study tape read
whatnot but as a Trader once you
understand what you're looking for you
can trade a lot in these lower time
frames and it's not important for you to
have the same expectation in terms of
monstrous price moves that you would
expect on The Daily and weekly and
monthly charts but looking for surgical
strikes that allow you and to afford you
an opportunity to get in take some
measurable risk that's worth it and then
finding an opportunity where the price
can displace and reach for a pool of
liquidity or
inefficiency
so having Tuesdays low annotated over
here this level here is this level here
on the 15sec chart this high right here
on the right hand side chart
represents this high right here on the
chart on the left which is the women it
trades
exactly to
the the high of the cell side of balance
by
efficiency admittedly I'm very
distracted because we're having a
another deep freezer delivered and
they're here and I don't like when
people are in my home I hear them down
there so I'm wondering if my wife is
jumping on them about getting to the
uh the place where I want that freezer
placed and they're wearing their cover
all for their shoes cuz I don't like we
don't wear shoes in our house and it's
driving me nice around thinking about it
so here the fluctuation is around
Tuesdays low so back here we can use
this order flow here
and scrub this over a little bit we come
back to it see small little Gap here and
we have an order block this entire
Candlestick right there the market
breaks down trades
up fills in this area here overshoots it
a little bit but stays inside of the
order block which is the up closed
candle should be a little bit easier to
see
now and then drives strongly down into
Tuesday's low then it Ries once more
Wicks above it a little bit and then
Dives Dives once more lower if you're
targeting if you're targeting old lows
like that
if it's a daily
low I do not like to do this with
intraday lows okay so make sure you're
in your notes you're recording this
intraday lows that means it's a low
that's formed inside the range of the
highest high and the lowest low and it
has not made a lower low on the day but
it's just you're taking a partial okay
um for instance something like this okay
where if this was a high and you have
this low here and that's the lowest low
we've had for the
day and we're reaching back up to a
level where you expect lower prices as
it drops
down that low being pierced here and the
later low that forms may not necessarily
be the low of the
day but if the level I'm targeting from
up
here and I'm aiming for a old daily low
previous days low because Wednesday
Today August 28th 2024 so
August 27th Tuesday's daily low there's
going to be sell side below that so if
you're inside the range that's reaching
down into an old daily low previous day
low the first time it goes through that
don't try to aim for your partial there
don't do that let it come back a little
bit it'll teach you patience it'll teach
you holding on to a trade because it's
reasonable to do that and then once it
pierces below that low that formed
initially below previous day low your
first partials underneath
that because many
times you don't know how far the first
drop's going to be and if you just take
something off right below an old
previous days low you could sell
yourself short of of a really sizable
run so when you create that short-term
low and it retraces back let it dive
down again and then what you'll do is
you'll aim for a partial below
that now if you're looking for a more
Dynamic way of taking a partial say
you're short 10
contracts okay or let's say that's let's
do it this way say you're short two
contracts and you want to take one off
but you want to maximize the amount that
you're going to get on your first
partial you can use this strategy here
where if you're aiming for a previous St
low and you're bearish and it's trading
down to it wait for it to create that
shortterm low then when it starts to
break down below it here every down
closed candle that creates an imbalance
like it does here this candle's high
this candle's low you take a buy stop
and you place it on one
contract and you place it right above
that candles
high and as it creates lower runs on
price cuz you don't have have the the
experience yet to determine how far it's
going to reach instead of just taking
the partial off D just below that low
using the the initial outline I've given
you here you can now Trail a stock with
one contract so you're not closing the
full position it just means if it goes
up there and hits that Candlestick there
you'll take a partial on that one
contract leaving the other contract
remember the assumption is you're short
with two contracts you're just going to
Trail one with a dynamic uh trailing
stop loss and you're waiting for it to
break below that low first once it
starts doing that what it naturally will
do it will start spooling which is what
you see here and then instead of just
taking the profit right here or
something just below the Tuesday's old
low and not catching any of this move
here it affords you an opportunity to
run with that
Runner and as it finally gets down right
here you would be stopped out as soon as
this candle closes you're going to open
here and then bang you're stopped down
look how close that is to That Swing l
isn't that wild and it leaves you open
for the the core position that you've
taken that maybe have been here as an
entry or something back here or if you
held on for the daily range from the
opening range in the first presentation
that we'll cover a little bit if you
were short here you got a really
wonderful exit on a trailed Dynamic
partial right there and then you can
weather all this retracement on one
single contract let it bang all
around and you can go
for another lower low and the same
strategy being employed here is you want
to wait and see does it a run below that
low let it give you a turn your stop
loss could be Trail to back here now you
would lower it down to air so that way
you're not going to you won't you won't
want to be a part of anything that digs
back into Tuesdays low or higher once it
creates this type of run so watching
price dive down and make a lower low on
the day and it doesn't have to do it
it's just just like a trade
management one of the biggest questions
I get a lot is how do I hold on to these
runs that go for hundreds of handles and
like how do I remain calm it's taking
partials correctly knowing what I'm
looking for and weighing and comparing
what kind of low I'm holding for if it's
if I'm bearish so if I'm waiting for a
low to be taken out is that low a
previous day's low or is it a lad that's
formed for the day like for instance
this one here this is your this is our
low for the
day so when we dive down below that you
can use that strategy here where you
wait for it to go below it and then
create the first short-term low and any
retracement on that give it a chance
give it a chance to come back in it can
come back up in here a little bit of
that range you remember your your Trail
stop loss would be up here now you don't
want to be in any retracements back
above Tuesday's
low it will afford you the ability to
stick with the Run look at my trade
examples the recordings where I had the
stops are just way up here real close to
where I entered at it's using these
types of procedures where I'm not
rushing to strangle the position there
are times where I want to put the stop
loss relatively not look at that dive
a't that nice look at
that notice what side of the marketplace
we're working on we're not not we're not
trying to go along I entertained by the
folks in other people's live chats and
they'll say ICT said he was looking for
Longs and the whole time we were looking
for lower prices you're funny I love it
but the
uh the relationship to what I'm
targeting for liquidity or inefficiency
it may not be
um something that uh warrants taking
partials where I just want to just hold
on to it for a longer term price run now
today we're supposed to be getting news
from n
Nidia Nvidia rather Nidia Nvidia I got
to sit here on a sticker on my laptop
Nvidia and you I don't care ultimately
what comes from it but because it's a
big stock
and there's a lot of sentiment around
that one individual company uh it
creates a lot of Buzz and they like to
disturb and mess up the sentiment that's
in the marketplace scare investors um or
excite investors and then all of a
sudden after market you know the market
just Goes Bananas okay
so having that in mind on a day like
this if the Market's making lower lows
and lower intraday lows if you're just
trying to take a partial or take your
your profit just because it went down to
make a lower low you miss out on all
this Runner so if you're going to try to
hold on to a runner you have to Define
what that Runner is trying to do what is
it trying to capitalize on because if
you don't have some kind of format or uh
a framework as to what you're holding
through it's not just the time aspect
what type of market conditions are you
holding
for now because we're breaking intraday
same trading day low you can use what I
taught you before R take the
high down to the low and you do one
quarter one quadrant
extension that would be a reasonable
place to take a partial because you're
trading what below
that low and then you study it you watch
and you see does it create that
short-term low does it come back up and
try to make an attempt to get back in
there and then if it doesn't or if it
fails to go there and it breaks lower
then you can use that strategy so I'm
giving you a graduate a graduated
perspective on how to grow into doing it
not just simply say well ICT said this
is the best way so I'm going to force
myself into that and you're going to
it's going to be hard for you to hold on
to runs like this you'll feel like a
deer in headlights CU it's running and
running and running and you won't know
where to get out at and it's kind of
scary first time you go through
it so if you remember what we were
talking about um I believe it on
Monday if my memory serves me correctly
I think it's Monday we were looking at
uh a little bit higher time frame charts
and I was telling you look at that uh
19,100 level thereabouts we had some
relative equal lows uh if you've taken
notes properly you'll know that that
that's something I mentioned and I can't
change the recordings that were placed
on the YouTube channel but you'll find
it it's there um I think that we may
eventually you try to get down
there and how we trade below that will
be indicative of what we see going into
the first two and a half weeks of
September before we go into rollover and
then start trading the December contract
um
the symbols real quick and just as I'm
talking I like I said I have bullet
points that I've bring up and this is
why my jaw bone takes a lot because I'm
I'm answering questions and you may not
have these questions but it's important
that I you refer to the the stuff that
people are asking so if it's a lot of
people asking the same kind of question
I'll Jawbone about a little bit because
it helps them answer and it may be
something I've said before at nauseum
but because I have a new wave of new
Watchers and listeners and new viewers
of the channel yeah I want them to have
their attention retained so if they
don't feel like they know what you're
looking at you they never feel like
their questions are being answered
they'll just you know fizzle out and go
do something else and never have the
ability to be here and learn like you
are but right now we're trading the
September contract
so when you're loading up NQ
on trading view you're looking at it
with that symbol
there that's a little bit too
small so this is
September
2024 and then you have the next symbol
will be
Z for
December and that's for December 2024
delivery and then then when that
expires you'll be trading
nqh20
25 and that's
March
2025 and then I'll just give you one
more because I want to show you all the
Syms for
uh the
Indy and that's for June 2025 and then
after June
expires it starts repeating again at
September so it would be NQ u225 and
then when that expires it'll be mq
z225 for December and just repeats
there's only four contract delivery
months that you have to consider for
rollover or or contract expiration and
it's usually the
um
um the folks that's never traded Futures
that have this kind of confusion but
because we're trading Futures they do
have an expiration and it's the third
Friday of every delivery contract month
so the third Friday of September
September contract expires the Third
Friday of December the contract expires
and then it rolls over meaning that you
can't trade that anymore you have to
start trading the next month out which
would be in this list as I'm showing you
okay so just take a screenshot of that
that'll tell you what you're looking
for right so so far we have a little
short-term low here and any retracement
up
if you have done the work of trusting
that you might get a run better than the
high down to that low plus one quarter
that range which would have been that's
your first step is if you don't know
what you're doing partial wise there's
nothing wrong with just getting out
below that low but then watching to see
if what I'm teaching you here manifest
itself and over time watching it and
seeing it
occur the next stage is to wait for it
to run deeper
and start
trailing your stop- loss on one contract
would be here and the next uh
Candlestick is right here so you would
be right there and the next one is here
and then the next one is there and
you're stopped out right there and
that's not far away from the low that
forms if this is the low of the day it
could be you don't
know you're very very close to the low
of the day getting stopped out that it
overwhelms you as a Trader because you
don't know what to do to get
out and this is one of the things I use
to cope with fearing getting out at a a
less favorable place because I'd always
be reluctant to take a profit based on a
win I had when I was younger and i' get
out early and I'm like man I wish I
would have just held on to that and I'd
beat myself up in my journal I would do
all the things I said you shouldn't do
yesterday and and what you should be
doing a lot of you have been re uh
receptive to that and that was one of
the things I wanted you to be uh giving
me feedback on
because nurturing yourself encouraging
yourself with your Journal is important
because if you don't do that no one else
is going to do it no one else is going
to do that for you and you have to have
that cheerleading aspect to this because
it's easy to get hurt and then you don't
want to do it
anymore so I've given you some some
steps here to
build on holding trades
how to manage a stop loss but not close
the entire position which affords you
what capturing big positions big Runners
and if you know what you're looking for
which are intraday highs and lows that
means the highest high and the lowest
low since we started trading at 9:30
opening bell if we're bearish every
single time we've made a low that's the
lowest for that day in the afternoon you
have to have that
noted if you've been trading higher you
have to find find the highest high that
we've
made since 9:30 opening and then every
successive lower high
or successive higher
low each one of those lows for instance
we made this low here when we were
trading up here at the beginning of the
the
stream this was the first
one then this one and then the low of
day so far so now this is no no longer
the low of the day this is the low of
the day so your attention goes to
this and it's it's a dynamic study of
watching how price is continuously
evolving reaching to expand daily range
or where does the daily range cap stop
no longer goes any lower or no longer
goes any higher and you study your
charts after the close so it needs to be
5:00 P p.m. or later and you go through
your charts and You observe everything
that was in play at that time what were
the catalst that lend to this Market
dropping like
this we went back to Tuesday's low after
growing below
it high lower high what is this relative
equal highs so if that's relative equal
highs
what's it doing here it's just bumping
that high and then doing what spending
time I saw someone in my private
mentorship in one of the user groups and
I watched a few people leave this
comment
too you do not want to see price stay in
inefficiencies you don't want to see
that you want to see them spend very
little time in them and leave you want
to see when it's a bearish or premium
array you want to see the upper half not
filled in and you don't want to see it
even trade to it those are the those are
the signatures that I've shared so
far when there is a stop hunt
okay if it goes above these highs like
this and then spends time in there like
that that is the very nature of a fake
bull flag
go into the core
content of the
2017 mentorship it's part of the 2016
mentorship was all one one presentation
but I started in
2016 of the fall and then ended it in I
think August of the following year in
2017 but I teach fake bull Flags in bare
flags and how to capitalize on that and
you're going to find that it's this is
the usual Catalyst for it when the
market is predispose predisposed to go
lower and then you have relative equal
highs like this and there's a
retracement this looks like a reversal
to someone that's not familiar the
unlearned they will look at this and say
it's a breakout it's a bull flag okay
and they'll start drawing diagonal trend
lines on on stuff like this and wait for
a breakout That Never
Comes then you see the displacement here
and then now we have just completely
entered
several models I've already taught
you optimal trade entry
[Music]
7962 optimal trade entry from high to
low there's your Flagship pattern that I
had for like 10 years on this YouTube
channel I didn't teach any other model I
just kept it real simple and then there
you go you get the run the model
2022 is
this is my daughter's
model who doesn't trade by the way I I
can't convince her of it guys I'm just
I'm going to accept the fact that she
isn't going to trade so there it
is I can't make her do it so this is the
2022 model okay and it's beautiful as
well and
and then you
have
a
Cameron Silver
buet right there institutional order
drill the lowest hanging fruit objective
getting in bang hit it okay then sells
off
so you're you're not short on models
okay all all all of them all of them are
profitable all of them are correct all
of them
are potentially used in conjunction so
that way you can enter on a higher one
and if another model speaks to you and
says here's another setup and it's lower
than your initial entry what can you use
that for a pyramided entry and you can
build the position larger so
when price is
trading like it is
here returning back to Tuesday's daily
low that area just above and just below
a previous day low is rich in order flow
it's like
a gold gold mine that can can can many
times be mined you can go in there and
take something out but you have to know
what you're looking for so some of the
things I just outlined over here and
then grade your price swing so if you
think that we're topping out here
because we're hitting Tuesday's
low how does it trade once it gets below
that low is it lethargic or does it get
real quick and sudden and become real
heavy if it does the easiest thing to do
is jump right to the next pool of
liquidity because if you know this is
the low of the day down here this should
not even be a speed bump this low so
from this low here to that low it should
move to it and then right before we get
to this
low this is the answer one of my
students in my private mentorship
because I saw comment left for this very
subject
matter it's also what you see me do when
I'm doing my recorded executions
when I am annotating and I'm expecting
I'll say I want to see speed and
distance or I expect large down closed
candles large bearish candles incoming
something to that effect because I am
identifying this low
here that low right here and as we're
moving from that low that's been taken
out I want to see how does it behave how
does it trade and does it remain heavy
it does and then now right here we're
close to that and they're not going to
want to allow them to pull their orders
there so that's when you anticipate
speed the magnitude of the move should
start
increasing and you want to see it get to
that low to it and through it and really
drive to that level there because all of
this movement here is tricking traders
to think that it's made its low here it
ain't going to go any lower for the rest
of the day that's what retail Traders
will think and they'll do all kinds of
harmonic trading in here all kinds of
ratio trades and if they don't know how
to take that position off because it's
traded to liquidity
here they will hold on to the positions
too long and that winning trade either
won't pan out because they're looking
for something higher up for a Target or
they just hold on to it too long and it
does this and then rolls back over top
of
them I want to see lows that I'm in
anticipating and expect to see them
targeted as they're trading and as the
daily range is expanding in this case
it's m making a larger daily range with
a potential lower
close I want to see as we trade into the
lows that were formed intraday I want to
see it accelerate as it gets close to
them knowing because the low here anyone
that was long their stop loss is here
anyone that bought down here they've
Trail their stop loss here one want to
started going higher ones that are more
stubborn and say no I don't want to I
don't want to rush my stop loss up I'm
just going to keep it right here they
fall victim these fall victim but you
determine it by watching how you behave
below the the first low once we have
that shift in Market structure here that
next one here tells you the narrative on
how you're going to trade is it going to
aggressively run for that low you won't
know that until we start to see how we
behave there it trades down below it
comes back back up leaves a small little
Gap that's exactly what you want to see
me widen it up a little
bit that's your Breakaway Gap right
there Breakaway gaps form from
consolidations or at the beginning of
a first stage or second stage
distribution or reaccumulation so if
we're looking at this is a market
maker cell
model the curve is here
smart money
reversal lowrisk
cell this is an area of
redistribution when we break like that
it leaves that little Gap at the time we
pierced that one that low is the first
one after the shift in Market structure
this this trading below here this gives
you a a very obvious level to look for
lower
prices soon as we start to see price
drop the run that takes out that low if
you see that with a gap right here you
want to see it stay open expect it to
stay open can it come up and close it
and still drop yes but if it leaves it
open it's it's kind of like tipping its
hand saying I'm really going to go lot a
lot lower and and it's going to be very
fast so don't be so in a rush to get out
of the trade because I'm going to moving
a lot of distance and a lot of speed so
just hold on tight because we're going
lower and the market Dives consolidates
look at all the candles all lower highs
that's
heaviness then we break again all the
next candles are they making any higher
highs no they're staying heavy and right
here look where we are at that level in
relationship to that low right
here we're very close to that it's only
what 25 handlers or so so it's going to
Traverse and travel very quickly over 25
handles 25 points if you will if you
look it over here but it's not
technically U
um always 25 handles it's whatever is
relative to where the low is if you're
looking for it to drop down when you
start seeing it consolidate but it gets
real close to proximity I don't have any
rules so I can't say like it's this many
handles or this many uh uh points away
from a low then then that's exactly it's
kind of like a knack type thing because
you can see that we're we're well
beyond from where we are here and right
here we're closer to getting to that low
than retracing all the way back up to
here so I guess if I was on the Fly and
gave you a rule that I guess could serve
you pretty good as a general general
rule if the high here to that low is the
range we're looking at as soon as we get
to halfway point and below it and what
do I mean by that it's like
this like this high I'll fix that in a
second that
low to that high as soon as we get below
midpoint okay see the FIB halfway point
let me take those other levels off
because we're not looking for optimal
trade
entry I'm measuring the range between
that low and that high as soon as you
get through half of it it should start
to move very quickly and it should give
you all the indications that it wants to
move lower and fast and what does that
look like every candle is just staying
lower than the previous one and then it
when it gets real close to that low here
look how it accelerates real fast so
this drop here accelerates into that low
and you don't want to just see it hit
that and consolidate or retrace you want
to see it hit it and drive aggressively
down here because anyone that has their
stop loss here they're toasted there but
the ones down here
they don't even we don't even want to
see them get the opportunity to go and
have a sympathetic sigh and relax like
okay I'm glad I didn't have my stop up
there because as soon as it gets below
here it's going to run aggressively in
minutes just like that to knock them out
and that's how you see that delivery
there so all through this point here
you're going to have the expectation the
market should be heavy heavy price is
moving lower okay if price is light okay
it means it's easy for it to climb up
and accelerate to the you higher
reaching premium levels but heaviness is
always something that's bearish it just
indicates the characteristic of price
action having very hard times climbing
up or even making higher candle highs
just study all that stuff these are very
important things because it will repeat
it's not just this time it's it's like
this majority of the time and if you
learn to wait for setups to have a lot
of things going for you and it starts
showing these types of things in price
action and you're attacking lows because
we're not we're not trading support and
resistance we're attacking people that
use support and resistance for their
liquidity it goes without saying I know
that people have bought something in
here or they put a stop loss below that
and chased it maybe they bought a bull
flag here maybe they bought in here
maybe they bought an order block here
and they just don't know how to hold on
to a trade and exit at the right time
and then all all this here they're going
to watch their stop loss get hit because
that's what they're going to Anchor it
there we're here for someone's a swing
Trader so we're targeting the liquidity
we're targeting support to get the sell
side below it we're targeting resistance
to get the buy stops or buy side above
it and we're using the underlying
narrative based on the session time of
the day based on the day of the week
based on what the week is likely to do
based on what the monthly chart is
indicating on a longer term basis where
it could draw to
so when you start blending all these
things Caleb you get a real Rich
tapestry of what price is likely to do
and how it should behave and
perform all right so that's the that's
the teaching part for today as I don't
want
to I don't want to be talking too much
when uh the macro at 250 starts so I
want to be looking at
price
so here all in this consolidation we're
at 386 and a qu okay look at the chart
on the right hand side look at this one
over here okay whatever I'm doing over
here on this chart annotating on the one
minute chart the price is being
highlighted in the same price on that
15sec
chart so when we go to this area here
you can see how price creates that
little Gap in
here trades up to it here this is all 15
seconds and it drops remains heavy small
little volume in balance
bance right
there Wick halfway
point it can go above halfway point
because it's always you can allow for a
little bit of movement above it that's a
mohawk what what it what did it really
do it just went in here to get that
covered
up they laid down another candle over
top that volume of BCE 15 candle Clos
and that candle's open
and then breaks lower immediate
rebounds drops small little volume
inbalance comes up overlaps it drops
volume inbounds trades up bearish order
block two things are being done order
block volume balance trades up here and
then Dives
again immediate rebounds
drops accelerates
lower and if you were using um trailed
you don't you don't want to Trail your
uh um like if you if you have multiple
position size you have two contracts on
or anything higher than that and you
want to take something off and you want
to do the dynamic trailed partial so
you're going to be using it on a one
minute chart never never never never
never do it on sub one minute because
you're going to have so many
candlesticks that these lower time
frames can overlap a little bit more and
look a lot more spiky fuzzy looking
versus what you'll see on the one minute
chart so the dynamic Trail partial where
you're holding and you're not you're not
taking a limit exit on your short to
take a partial you're not aiming for any
specific level you're letting the market
decide when you're going to get out and
you'll be able to capture the biggest
runs uh you can do that same style if
you want to take out all of your trade
too like say you had two contracts and
you start trailing your stop above as
it's diving in into the liquidity if you
do that it'll afford you a lot of hold
time to capture that bigger lines
portion of the
run another form of doing it is you can
go back to candlesticks so as it breaks
lower you can go all right you don't
want to use it on this one when this
candle opens up you don't want to use
that that high it's this high and you
Trail it down that way but that to me is
more appropriate for when you're swing
trading and you're holding for a trade
that's going to pan out over the week
not intra day
because that that's a little bit too
much of a range to give back in my
opinion so if you Trail it down Ultra
tight to whatever the previous one minut
candle high is and be content with if I
get knocked out of this I'm so close to
where the low is I'm okay with it and
you have to make allowances for that if
you're going to beat yourself up and say
no it's not good enough you're going to
have the problem I've had for 32 years
where exits that are so good compared to
everybody
else aren't going to be good enough for
you and you just it'll be easy for you
even though you're not supposed to be
doing anything negative in your Journal
you'll Harbor those things inside and
you like I want my exit to be better
when these are phenomenal exits these
strategies on trail stop loss management
and how to hold on to a trade longer and
how to take a partial like it removes
all of that necessity for you to know
what's a good level to take partials
well now you're giving yourself the
chance to ride it a little bit more like
you're riding the lightning with
something like this and why would you
want to sell yourself short to get out
not no pun intended to to get out of the
trade prematurely and not afford
yourself the opportunity to get a larger
portion of the wind without incurring
any more risk you're not doing anything
that's going to you know Elevate the
level of risk you're not overleveraging
you're not even adding to the position
you're just managing one part of the
position the the one contract or
whatever the partial is you intend to
take off whatever that is you're just
managing it on a trail buy stop for that
number of contracts if it hits it knocks
you out you still have your core entry
whatever your your your entry is based
on the averaging of your pyramided
position whatever that last adjustment
is when say you sell short you sell
short more your your average price will
change it'll usually start to move
closer to where you're aiming for that's
why when you watch me do a pyramided
entry it doesn't maintain the high uh
price it just averages based on how many
contracts I'm selling short or buying
and it reflects that average price so
because if the market goes back to that
price then you'll start losing money if
it's not done correctly for instance say
you did four contracts here or I'm sorry
say you did four contracts here and you
did six contracts down here you might
have some problems with draw down there
you might might see it Go below
waterline that means you might see a
little bit of red before it starts
rolling in your favor and start making
profit on the position unrealized profit
but nonetheless
profit so real good uh strategy for
answering the the folks that were asking
how to take partials better and how to
aim for partials this way it removes the
whole necessity for aiming anything
you're just holding on and letting that
bull run or in this case in this case a
bear you just grab a hold of its fur
close your eyes and just don't let go
and see how see how far she'll run and
it allows you to get knocked out many
times real close to the low which would
have occurred right on that candle there
knocking the high out of that one that's
I mean look at that look at that from
278 and a half and you get knocked out
at 302 and
3/4 chances are you're probably not
holding for runs like that because you
don't know how to hold on to them you
get scared you're you're nervous or
you're second guessing yourself you
don't know what liquidity to aim for
this
completely removes all that and just
allows you to mechanically be removed
and that way it's an objective strategy
it's not something that you have to
think about too much all you have to do
is watch every individual one minute
candle and as it's starting to
run all you're doing is dropping your
stock loss down to the previous candle's
High that's it it's very simple
so we're going to look at the
uh morning session real quick and then
we'll wrap this up and I'll watch the
last hour with
you if you liked what you just learned
about the dynamic Trail
partial and that
strategy give the flash stream a thumbs
up nobody will see it it's just for
me so we
have this liquidity here this
high and this High that's what I was
looking at if you looked at this High
and this High that's not meeting the
criteria that makes what a high
probability uh relative equal High
because this high is slightly higher
than that one but this high is obvious
and you can see it so I like this one
that's just above here and here and
that's the one I gave in tan
trades um live stream today so if you
look at her video
on August 28th
just watch right before the opening bell
like when we were in here like this I
was outlining I told you this candle
over here is going to be an inversion
fair value got before it was an
inversion fa Val got and the way you can
turn on that is look at the chat in her
live stream and in the settings click
timestamp and you'll see me call that
very candle there on a one minute basis
for NQ it's an inversion fair value and
I mentioned the minor buy side
liquidity based on this candle's High
okay and it rallies
up off of the inversion fair value Gap
here hits that liquidity and then I said
well if you had something there and you
partialed off you have a free look now
to see if it can run higher we don't
have a we don't have a first present
presentation of a fair value Gap yet
that doesn't occur until here now here's
the part that couple of my private
mentorship students and some of you in
the comment section
because these sessions are long okay and
I'm I'm seeing a lot of you say please
don't make them so long I'm not able to
keep up stop trying to keep up just take
your time I want to teach it to you
properly okay because it's my son who
I'm
teaching I'm not answering everything
for you but some of the questions are
good so therefore I will ring them into
the next presentation but there are some
questions that I'm not going to address
because I've already talked about it
literally in the previous two or three
streams but because you don't want to
watch them entirely or you're not
writing down as you hear me say certain
things I'm answering a lot of questions
that people have had for a long time in
this mentorship even paid mentorship
students so this Candlestick here is
9:30 this run up and then as soon as
this Candlestick here
closes you cannot qualify that as a fair
value Gap to use and this blue shaded
box we're going to take that off because
it's the opening range Gap and I'll I'll
show you how it's formed again here that
we complete rundown what it looks like
again but this is not a fair value gy
because the the imbalance candle or out
of the three series candle pattern of P
value Gap the middle one is the
inefficiency and the imbalance so here
if you look at that 9:30 candle that
candle doesn't exist in regular trading
hours
when you toggle that you're not going to
see the difference between
414 and where we open up at 9:30 that's
that's two candles you need a third one
and that's this one here it's always
going to be 9:31 so 9:31 that's the
that's the earliest that's the soonest
the soonest I had it right the first
time the the earliest formation of a
fair value gap between 9:30 and 10:00
can only form form based on the rules
I'm giving you as early as 9:31 so you
have to get that first minute past you
and
then you can create a fair value gap on
the 931 candle if the 932 candle affords
you the the structure or the
presentation of a fair value Gap and we
don't have that here the first formation
of it is
here at
9:35 okay so at 9:35 I'm going to
maximize this Sor at
9:35 this is a Judah swing it takes out
the liquidity I gave to Tanja
trades viewers when I'm not live
streaming okay and if I'm not doing
something in my personal life I'm
usually there supporting her in her
stream okay um there's two other people
that I watch um
and I use their chat window and I also
support their their Channel because I
like them personally so but I'm usually
active in the chat on T trades um live
stream why am I there because she
reminds me of my daughter okay I'm not
lusting after her so for the sickos that
put that puts that stuff in the chat
it's disgusting but this candle here is
not a fair got so you cancel that one
out start looking for the fair value Gap
at 931 the form is there a fair value
Gap here no is there one here no no no
this one isn't one because this
Candlestick overlaps with the previous
candle's low so there's no Gap
there this one we break down and the
next candle we open and have a run up to
this High here I'll take this away so
you can see it see the fair I got now
it's obvious right it's clear it's easy
to see real real easy to see that
nothing in here is a fair value Gap
until here so your fair value gap for
Wednesday August 28 20124 forms on the
935 1 minute
candle there you go so now we break
down below the candle I tell you before
this run up in Tanya trades live stream
I tell you look at the 815 Candlestick
that's it inversion fair value Gap so
here it looks like it should come down
and be treated as what bullish fair
value Gap that's what you're thinking
right if you think you understand what
I'm doing and without understanding the
logic you think that that's what this is
it's it's it's go long but I called that
initially first comment in her stream
mentioning any fair value Gap was that
candle at 815 is an inversion fair valap
and then I told you that this is the
minor buy side liquidity at that price
level right right there so it was based
on this high and that high being
relatively equal highs so the buy stops
up here is a minor buy side liquidity
pool the market breaks lower into the
inversion fair value Gap are we trying
to buy it if it's an inversion fair
value Gap formed like this no we're
waiting okay we're waiting we want to
see it trade
down what does that give us then it
gives us the potential to see if it goes
below it and then does it allow for this
same fair value Gap to saave off any
higher
prices but
if if the market trades just outside of
your PD which is this one here which was
called a inversion fair value gap before
in front of the live audience over there
so she has a Tim stamp feature and her
chat's there I can't edit what she has
there I can't I can't hide anything and
everybody saw it when I did
it it rallies up and just outside of the
inversion fair value Gap this Wick comes
all the way back up to first
presentation that's the that's the fair
value Gap here so we went below the
inversion fair value Gap we left the
opening range gap which I'll show you in
a moment but we're we're trading up into
it here and I said when it gets there
like that I
said it's hitting the bottom of the
opening range Gap and inversion fair
value
Gap look for August 16th new day opening
Gap and August 27th maybe getting down
into that on the first P driving down in
there you can go see in Verbatim what
actually said and the time stamp that is
occurring and then look at your chart
and then price does it people watched it
happen they watched it happen on the
Judah swing right here when I CAU it
from there
up and then here as a selloff using
first presentation
there the bottom of the opening range
Gap now if we go into uh regular trading
hours go here toggle
that that's this big candle
here see that now if you're using
regular trading hours you can see how
opening at 9:30 here and then closing up
here and then using the previous candle
at 4 I'm sorry 4:14 on Tuesday notice
the time at the bottom of the chart down
here it's 4:14 yesterday
Tuesday then we open down here so the
Gap is from where we settled at 4:14 and
where we opened that's the opening range
Gap this is a discount Gap that means
it's an open that's lower than where we
settled previous day and then it's
likely to do what half of that range
within the first 30 minutes of
trading so you annotate it here put it
on the opening price and you draw it up
to the settlement price and you make
your little rectangle here and then
because it
is a
premium I'm sorry it's a discount Gap
mine's blue okay meaning that I'm trying
to communicate to you I don't have this
stuff on my chart and I only have it to
teach it to
you I'm looking at from that opening
price here can it get back to that price
level here so if I'm expecting that to
occur what am I expecting in price buy
side
delivery that means up movement in price
going higher rallying basically so it
needs to go to that price level here but
minimum expectation is in the first 30
minutes 70% chance that it's going to go
half of that gaps
range here's electronic
trading opening at
930 that lower level also happens to be
new day opening Gap
from yesterday at 6:00 p.m. eastern time
and the difference between 5:00 p.m.
yesterday's closing price it's only two
ticks that two
tick
here is overlapping with half of that
opening range Gap see that so we open
half the Gap is hit full closure of the
Gap is hit and then it does this sweeps
above the buy side
here and over
here so there's two things happening
there you can be a buyer inside this
inversion fair value Gap
because at this point
here
there it's going to act as a reclaimed
fair value
Gap initially it should if you don't
know you're doing you're you're not
going to find success here it trades
through it then we get to the time of
day when it needs to be delivering it's
consolidating in here it's an inversion
fair value G meaning the original
classification was it should be expected
to be used as like a a as
a level to send price higher it's a
discount so it's something to buy but
when it does this run to the liquidity
if we break down below it it's used as a
catalyst to send us as a premium and
then drive prices
lower here it's a bullish fair value Gap
it's not the right time to take that
trade we're minutes before what 9:30
open so the Market's this waiting and
then when you're in here you're right
before the opening
bell minutes before the opening bell
just how happened to be at a few minutes
before 9:29 and at the opening bell it
opens and then hits the the Gap and what
is it doing it's using it as its
original form over here but only going
into the B side ey
outline I'm more inclined to use that
Gap as an conversion Fair r g i want to
see it do this if it happens to go below
it and then it leaves behind in its wake
dropping down it creates that fair value
Gap right here that's shaded so we have
two things forming there we have the
bottom of that blue box which is the
opening range Gap low which in this case
is the opening price at
930 and then we have
the return back into
this Gap here on that pass so two things
are happening right there on this we're
trading into the inversion fair value G
so you could be selling short here
midpoint and then a draw down is can you
take that trade if it trades up into
this Gap if you can't try to get a fill
just below or the low of that first fair
value Gap that forms because the
narrative is set in motion now we have a
shift in Market structure liquidity's
been taken
here to here and return that that low of
the opening range Gap being tagged right
there is doing two things it's returning
back to the opening price at
9:30 and it's going to the first fair
value G that formed between specific
9:31 and
10:00 does it look closely does it close
the upper half of that
Gap
no isn't that what you want yes so what
happens if when it trades up there and
you don't get into it there because it's
too fast or you're just not on the game
like you just can't bring yourself to
enter the trade when it trades back down
into the inversion fair value Gap you
can short there and use what what this
high is plus one
tick how can I how can I trust that ICT
because if you have what I'm outlining
here and what I outlined in tan trades
live stream
this is going to act as an inversion
fair fair value gy and if it's going to
run up here with a wick because we
opened here on this candle it opened
there and to get to that level here in
one candle if it's going to go lower
chances are this is going to form some
kind of a wick right so if that forms a
wick and you're trading in it here
you're putting your stop loss one tick
above the high what should form after
that Wick worst case scenario another
candle with a wick that's only going to
go about halfway of this Wick
oh oh that's why your trades are never
nervous you're never you're not worried
about it no I'm not because I know what
I'm looking for I know the logic I'm
looking for but it doesn't even give us
another Candlestick to even try to
approach outside the other end of this
or high of the inversion fair value Gap
so it's really heavy because it goes up
there hits the first fair value Gap but
I taught you all this stuff keeps
repeating doesn't it this is still too
early for you to fall in love with it
you might be smiling and think to
yourself wow yeah I can see it I didn't
see it when it was happening but I can
see it it's really there wait till you
have a couple months of you journaling
this and you have example after example
after example your mind is going to be
formed pursuing these types of setups
they're not hiding from you they can't
be hidden from you there's nothing to
worry about if you can't see it right
now fall in love with the meditation of
capturing collecting these things day by
day getting screenshots like this just
like this right here saving it just like
that and then seeing how that first fair
value got between 9:31 and 10 o'cl is
used and we hit it it hammers it and
drops down and then now look at what
excuse me look what else happens we have
this old area of new week opening Gap
new day opening Gap look how many times
they've used these levels how many times
it's traversed back and forward through
it but when there's time of day that I'm
teaching you to focus on when the
algorithm will refer to these levels as
key in important factors and
arrays they use
them new day opening Gap
low the
bodies heading the low of it dropping
down leaving this Gap
here this Gap Gap is a breakaway Gap
what makes this Gap a breakaway Gap
because we've had this initial run that
starts the Run
lower if the Market's going to trade to
a first presentation fair value gap
between 9:31 and 10 o'clock and it's
going to
drop once it starts to run you're
anticipating this occurring this is like
a signature like yes now we're going to
be really running you don't want to see
that close in it can come back up there
and close it and then drop you drop
later on it's just better that it
doesn't sometimes you've seen my trade
executions where I'll annotate something
ideally I want to see this stay unfilled
and I'll KN it as a a a breakaway Gap
sometimes it goes down and fills it and
it still does where I want it to
go it's just better it's just like a
sugar uh sugar coating a cherry on top
to what you're already doing right okay
the price is going to go where you think
it's going to go if the trade's right
but these are things that you really
want to have as Hallmarks in your
winning trades they're not always going
to be there they can still close in
rebalance to that point and send it
lower and still be able to hit your
target it says I want to see this
because that means we're heavy we can't
even fill that back
in and the Market's going to drop down
into the targets I gave in live stream
and Tanya trades uh witness of everybody
was over there she had like 3,600 people
in there and the new day opening gap on
a August 27th that was hit and initially
is August 16th new day opening G and we
dug down swept below both of them did
all this little cruddy price action in
here and then came right back up to that
Gap that was later on traded into here
but a portion of it was left open and
then it rolled
over I worked with my private students
in here all this run up in here and then
we worked with this area here you're
attacking Tuesday's
low
there but uh all in
all oops didn't want to do
that pretty fun day
today lots of nice
movement all right so here's where we're
at what we've done so far
so I'm just watching what we're doing
going into the last hour so I probably
won't be doing too much talking until I
see something that's worth
mentioning if if you're satisfied with
this is the part that was the the
teaching that's done now so if you want
to come back and watch this part at a
later time you're welcome to do that I'm
not going to call trades or anything I
just want to do an OB observation with
you live
main takeaway that I ow is everything
I'm teaching you it's
repeating the things that should form
when they should form they're forming
and when they are formed in price action
price is respecting them in a manner
that allows and affords you opportunity
to engage it it's a
tradable setup it's a tradable uh
framework for Market
[Music]
structure I'm just going to minimize
this one so we can have both the the
seconds
chart 15c chart and the the one
minute all right so we are inside the
250 algorithm it runs till 10 minutes
after
three see the volume imbalance in here
if you have the ability to to pull up
15-second
charts these are things you want want to
look at this price run here to
this we have a small little inefficiency
here things like this you want to
screenshot it and you can go back
through the price runs these types of
runs happen all day long they're they're
there a
lot so this little Gap right here formed
by this candle's
high and that candle's low right here in
the le- hand side chart right there that
candle stick right there there's your
inbalance and here is your low of the
candle that forms the low of the fair
Val you got it's a Cy because it's a
down closed
candle the price run in here there's
several things you want to take a look
at from the one minute chart you can see
how and this is how Caleb you're gonna
identify things that repeat over and
over again and it it trains your eye to
see things that will repeat and your eye
will see it in real time and you'll
know that it's likely to behave a
certain way because you've seen enough
examples of
it okay so you have an order block it
rallies above as soon as it crosses this
candlestick's opening price there that's
the ch change in the state of
delivery over on a 15-second chart how
far into this decline can it go in this
candle when it was dropping on this one
minute and this one minute candle how
far into this can it go well you don't
want it to go past the halfway point
because mean threshold is the most
sensitive price point and to its high in
this case it's the opening price so
that's where it's going to be most
sensitive
to if you're seeing it drop down into
that and below that level here on a
15-second chart
is that
pretty that volume IM balance right
there you see
that see that right there and the market
trades down to it right there it does
its work there on the 15sec chart so the
algorithm sees this
here it drops back down to a discount
relative to this delivery and
price then over here it's cycling
through the lower time frames and
wherever there's any any any
inefficiency that means a gap fair value
Gap or volume imbalance in this case
there is no fair value Gap
here there is no swing low because
that's already happened here so stops
were taken there so this
delivery went below that low then we
rallied this little inefficiency there
that volume imbalance is all that the
algorithm needs to do on the 15-second
chart before it starts to Rally
inefficiency here so on this run there
at 250 when the algorithm
starts right
there this creates an inefficiency buy
out balance sell out inefficiency if
it's starting at the beginning of the
macro at 250 and it's wanting to go
higher and run for this inefficiency
here one one minute chart because now
we're running higher is looking for
inefficiencies that are premium relative
to where we are at here
where's the where's the buy side here
and then what happens if it goes above
that that's the
inefficiency
inefficiency and we can go back to
Tuesday's old daily low but you just
don't want to go in here and say oh it's
just going to go to Tuesday's daily low
and this that's it that's not that's not
properly managing the range that you're
dealing in this High down to that low is
the dealing range so when you look at
what price is done here this on a
15-second chart will act as a breakaway
Gap and you want to see things like this
institutional order entry Dr where it
just goes into that Gap formed by this
candle's
High every time I do it see every
time there you go so institutional order
entry drill is where it just goes inside
and leaves the maximum amount of the
range open and when it starts to run
like that that tells you you have a
breakaway Gap and that starts at the
beginning of the macro at 250 see right
there see the time 250 on the dot and it
rallies
up trades
into the low of this inefficiency here
hits it stops dead in its tracks drops
back down consolidates and what's it
doing it's accumulating before it does
what rallies to a deeper premium which
is consequent crment of this
inefficiency does it stop does it
respect
it just stop short of it opens slightly
higher comes back down touches that
right there volume imbalance rallies and
goes through the high end of this
inefficiency does it respect the high of
it no it goes right on through it opens
trades down to the high of that
inefficiency so now what is it acting as
here this Gap is a target to draw price
up into it and now when we're above it
how should it behave let's assume for a
moment you think it's going to go to
this Gap right here or do you think it's
going to trade back to Tuesday's daily
below if that's the case and this is
your Terminus say this is your Terminus
and this is a partial so this is your
next upside object let me put it on the
chart if it feels like I'm going too
fast or if I'm talking about things that
seem to advance I promise you're going
to see me doing it more and more and the
things that you have questions about
because I'm going to talk more about
them because they repeat every single
time it'll start becoming very clear to
you and it won't won't be the big of a
deal so don't be discouraged is basally
what I'm
saying we trade down to the top of the
inversion value Gap that this will
become if we're expecting this to be
traded to and draw back to Tuesday's low
so it trades here you would expect it to
start showing you indications it once to
go higher does it go higher yes drops
back down what's the middle of these
Wicks lowest one measure that one
trades to it here sends it higher
yep middle of this Gap or
Wick every time it jumps look at a
perfect delivery on the bodies see that
that's algorithmic folks and it rallies
here is your order block it leaves it
that's a change in the state of
delivery right there
[Music]
I won't label it this but that's a
bullish order block and the upper half
is the most sensitive
Point trades into the upper half of it
just the wick because that's what's
allowed to do the damage the bodies are
supporting the fact that okay yeah we're
respecting the order block there price
should rally where should it rally here
once it takes out that high if it's
going to trade the this volume IM
balance on I'm sorry yeah volume no very
Val you got over here on the one minute
chart it should do it quickly it should
Pierce right through that and not dilly
d around does it to do that
yes rallies runs up we're just falling
short of Tuesday's daily load we just
hit it now and ICT did it once again but
I'll never be able to call it
live when I'm able to do it live I'll
start live streaming I promise I promise
you when I learn how to trade and I read
read the price correctly I'll come out
here and I'll start doing it in front of
you live okay but until then you're just
going to have to take these pre-recorded
videos using delayed
data I I'm not going to do it here but I
shared with my uh private students a a
message that somebody left me saying
that these trades are fake and here's
why they're fake I'm using delayed data
and I'm sliding my stop loss and you
can't do that with live trades and
uh I I don't know where that person got
that idea from but um you need to learn
a little bit more son
so there's the afternoon outlined uh you
you'll see a lot of these price runs for
months before you start taking them okay
because you want to get real comfortable
seeing them expecting how they're going
to
deliver and seeing what framework you'll
use for your own trades you'll also see
the the characteristics the mannerisms
that these PD arrays will behave and how
price uses
them but you can't argue okay that there
isn't an algorithm because at 250 I
taught you that that it will start
spooling that means it's running think
about it like
this here is the 250 candle right
there and say you're a
fisherman and you have a fishing rod in
your hand and you know that there is a
lot of fish sitting around the previous
day
low there's a lot of interest let many
people want to buy if it can get back
above the previous days low after going
deep that's a mechanism that some
algorithms fire up and and run on it but
the casting of
that lure if you will on a fishing rod
if you plan on engaging and trying to
capture fish there that's your target
that's your Terminus so here's your
fishing rod you're casting it in that
direction well it this is the fishing
line spooling off of that reel when you
land that area here that's your fish you
just reel it in and you're done that's
your trade for the day and it's
occurring exactly at 250
but there's no algorithm I refute ict's
claims that there's an algorithm I love
that you're refuting it I love that
people make those videos I love that
there's doubt I love it I love it and
there's always going to be new doubters
and I am so thankful that I am in a
position like PT Barnum I have a line of
suckers coming in not believing the
truth I'm showing and proving to you
that would literally would hold up in
court that these things are absolutely
controlled they're programmed they're
coded you can see it it's not
surprising there there's no there's no
reason for you to be like oh my goodness
why did that happen you're just simply
waiting for the things that you're
expecting to see in
price think
folks am I twisting your arm to stay
here no am I am I asking you for
anything no just take your time so that
way you learn it correctly don't hold
yourself to an expectation that's too
high and lofty okay but that's going to
be it for today um this was enough it
went back to uh our level of Interest we
went and behaved a lot of PD raay
delivered as we would expect be content
with this this is more than enough folks
more than enough and I will be with you
Lord willing
tomorrow um at
9 20ish something like that hopefully
I'll be on there before the 9:30 opening
Bill sometimes it just doesn't work out
like that and I'm doing my best to be
there but
I'm you I'm here every day but I might
be a few minutes late but tomorrow we
return back to a morning session and
we'll do the same thing on Friday so
Thursday August
29th and Friday August 30th 2024's live
session will both be morning sessions
but I will be I will be stopping them
both at around
10:45 in other words I'll I'll close the
session before 11:00 to say it that way
if I go till 11 o' it's not like I'm I'm
lying okay and I'll talk to you guys
then until I talk to you then be safe